&:dan
+:tambah
/:atau
=:sama dengan
ababil:anak ingusan
abal2:palsu
abal:palsu
ad:ada
af:sekali
aj:saja
aja:saja
apa2:apa apa
akooh:aku
alay:norak
albm:album
ampe:sampai
anjir:waw
anyway:ngomong-ngomong
apik:bagus
aq:aku
asap:secepatnya
ato:atau
atao:atau
atw:atau
ava:foto profil
banget:sekali
baget:keras kepala
baper:bawa perasaan
bapuk:rusak
bcr:bicara
batre:baterai
batere:baterai
bebeb:pacar
begin:awal
bejibun:bertumpuk banyak
bener:benar
ber2:berdua
ber3:bertiga
bf:pacar
bgt:sekali
bnget sekali
bhas:bahas
bhg:bahagia
bikin:buat
binggo:banget
bingit:banget
bklan:bakalan
bkn:bukan
blg:bilang
bnr:benar
bnyk:banyak
br:baru
brb:akan segera kembali
brjaya:berjaya
bs:bisa
bsa:bisa
bsk:besok
brg:barang
brang:barang
brng:barang
blum:belum
blom:belum
btw:ngomong-ngomong
bwt:buat
bgs:bagus
bgus:bagus
buyer:pembeli
bsr:besar
bsar:besar
cm:cuma
ccd:cacat
cowo:cowok
cewe:cewek
cct:cacat
cmn:cuma
cman:cuma
cmiiw:koreksi saya
cnt:cinta
cs:customer service
congrats:selamat
cod:cash on delivery
crop:potong
cpt:cepat
cpat:cepat
cya:sampai jumpa lagi
d:di
da:ada
dah:sudah
dapt:dapat
dapet:dapat
dafuk:kurang ajar
damat:tidak peduli
dempa:demi apa
dech:deh
dpn:depan
dg:dengan
dgn:dengan
deket:dekat
dkt:dekat
dlm:dalam
dlu:dulu
dmn:dimana
dpt:dapat
dr:dari
dri:dari
drpd:daripada
dsna:disana
dugem:dunia gemerlap
design:desain
dtg:datang
dtang:datang
elo:kamu
elu:kamu
expedisi:ekspedisi
ekpedisi:ekspedisi
emg:memang
emng:memang
epsd:episode
fast:cepat
fake:falsu
fans:penggemar
fans:penggemar
faq:pertanyaan umum
fham:paham
fhm:paham
fix:pasti
ft:foto
fyi:asal tahu saja
fs:flash sale
flasale:flash sale
fles:flash
for:untuk
g:tidak
ga:tidak
gaada:tidak ada
gabut:gaji buta
gada:tidak ada
gajebo:tidak jelas
gak:tidak
gan:juragan
galau:bimbang
garing:hambar
gatau:tidak tahu
geje:tidak jelas
gengges:ganggu
gf:pacar
ggl:gagal
gk:tidak
gold:emas
god:bagus
gmn:bagaimana
gmpng:gampang
gogon:go internasional
gokil:gila
gpp:tidak apa-apa
grammar:tata bahasa
gt:gitu
gue:aku
gw:aku
gw:aku
hbd:happy birthday
hp:telepon genggam
hape:telepon genggam
haeduh:aduh
hacep:pesta pora
hater:pembenci
haters:pembenci
hdp:hidup
hrg:harga
hrga:harga
hdr:hadir
hit:terpopuler
hits:terkini
hoax:palsu
ig:instagram
idup:hidup
indo:indonesia
iow:dengan kata lain
ipon:iphone
item:hitam
jos:mantap
joz:mantap
jd:jadi
jdi:jadi
jdnya:jadinya
jg:juga
jgan:jangan
jngn:jangan
jgn:jangan
jl:jalan
jln:jalan
jls:jelas
jutek:galak
k:ke
ko:kok
kamseupay:kampungan
karn:karena
krn:karena
karna:karena
krna:karena
kbr:kabar
kca:kaca
keknya:kayaknya
keles:kali
keleus:kali
kepo:penasaran
kgk:kagak
kicep:diam
kipak:bohong
kog:kok
kk:kakak
kl:kalau
klo:kalau
klu:kalau
klon:duplikat
klrg:keluarga
klu:kalau
km:kamu
kmn:kemana
kmrn:kemarin
kcil:kecil
kcl:kecil
kn:kan
knp:kenapa
knpa:kenapa
kongkow:kumpul-kumpul
kpd:kepada
kpn:kapan
krn:karena
krm:kirim
krim:kirim
krna:karena
ktny:katanya
kumkeb:kumpul kebo
kyk:kayak
kagak:tidak
kyak:kayak
kzl:kesal
kwalitas:kualitas
lbh:lebih
lebay:berlebihan
lebeh:berlebihan
lelet:lambat
lg:lagi
lgs:langsung
liat:lihat
lnjut:lanjut
lo:kamu
loh:lho
lom:belum
lol:tertawa
love:cinta
lwt:lewat
maaci:terima kasih
mabok:mabuk
mager:malas gerak
maharani:mahal
maho:homoseksual
mainstream:sangat umum
males:malas
mcm:macam
mehong:mahal
meneketehe:tidak tahu
menel:centil
mgkn:mungkin
mimin:admin
minn:admin
mkn:makan
mksd:maksud
mksud:maksud
mksh:terima kasih
mlm:malam
mlm:malam
mls:malas
mmg:memang
modus:maksud lain
mrk:mereka
mrka:mereka
mayan:lumayan
muantap:mantap
mantaf:mantap
mantep:mantap
mntap:mantap
mantab:mantap
much:lebih
mure:murah
mw:mau
n:dan
naek:naik
nelpon:menelepon
nelfon:menelepon
ngeh:paham
ngeuh:paham
ndak:tidak
nggak:tidak
nggu:menunggu
ngga:tidak
ngk:tidak
nic:penggemar agnezmo
nice:bagus
nicong:penggemar agnezmo
nmr:nomor
no:nomor
nongkrong:kumpul-kumpul
ntn:nonton
nntn:nonton
ntaps:mantap
ntap:mantap
mantul:mantap betul
nyampe:sampai
nyampek:sampai
nyungsep:jatuh
nyesal:menyesal
nyesel:menyesal
official:resmi
olh:oleh
or:atau
ori:asli
org:orang
ongkir:ongkos kirim
ok:oke
overal:secara keseluruhan
overall:secara keseluruhan
on hand: di tangan
olshop:toko online
pa:apa
pake:pakai
pakek:pakai
palbis:paling bisa
pcr:pacar
pcran:pacaran
pd:pada
pdhal:padahal
peres:palsu
pg:pagi
pgg:pegang
php:pemberi harapan palsu
pk:pakai
paking:packing
plg:pulang
pls:tolong
pnh:pernah
pntg:penting
pny:punya
pingin:ingin
pengen:ingin
pgn:ingin
prasmul:perasaan saja
prcya:percaya
pls:tolong
please:tolong
prnh:pernah
pst:pesat
psti:pasti
pcs:buah
rapih:rapi
recokin:ganggu
rempong:repot
ri:republik indonesia
rotfl:tertawa
rbu:ribu
rb:ribu
romo:promo
rocker:voucher
respons:respon
response:respon
recomended:rekomendasi
recommended:rekomendasi
rekomended:rekomendasi
recommend:rekomendasi
sabeb:bebas
schedule:jadwal
sdh:sudah
selow:santai
seller:penjual
sgt:sangat
sgtu:segitu
sgtuny:segitunya
sh:masih
sjjurny:sejujurnya
skali:sekali
skrg:sekarang
slh:salah
sll:selalu
ssuai:sesuai
sm:sama
smg:semoga
smga:semoga
smoga:semoga
smw:semua
smwnya:semuanya
stage:panggung
stj:setuju
stuju:setuju
sprt:seperti
sprti:seperti
sperti:seperti
sy:saya
sya:saya
syg:sayang
sel:sale
spek:spesifikasi
td:tadi
tdk:tidak
tpat:tepat
tpt:tepat
tengsin:malu
thn:tahun
tik:cantik
tkt:takut
tp:tapi
tpii:tapi
trs:terus
trus:terus
ttg:tentang
ttp:tetap
ttep:tetap
tetep:tetap
tlpon:telpon
tw:tau
typo:salah tulis
trimakasih:terima kasih
trims:terima kasih
trim:terima
timbang:dibanding
tg:tempered glass
tks:thanks
tq:terima kasih
u:you
utk:untuk
unyu:menggemaskan
uda:sudah
udh:sudah
walo:walau
walao:walau
with:dengan
woles:santai
wtf:apa-apaan
x:kali
xiomi:xiaomi
xiomie:xiaomi
y:ya
yak:ya
yg:yang
yng:yang
ninjavanid:ninjavan
jeng:jangan
klesuruah:keseluruhan
ransel:dibatalkan
pasrah:puas
smpai:sampai
handsfre:handsfree
teh:the
hihihi:tertawa
hehehe:tertawa
hahaha:tertawa
wkwkwk:tertawa
id:indonesia
up: 
job: 
kayak:seperti
brithday:birthday
thank:terima
you:kasih
ati:hati
adin:adakan
aga:agak
merek:merk
ane:saya
bingitz:banget
godjob: good job
akirnya:akhirnya
tingi:tinggi
by:beli
best:terbaik
delivery:pengiriman
vocher:voucher
hole:lubang
bas:bass
depak:depok
woto:bernilai
copot:lepas
kagak:tidak
cape:capek
cas:charge
error:rusak
quality:kualitas
mesan:memesan
terimakasih:terima kasih
notification:pemberitahuan
packing:pengemasan
peking:pengemasan
unique:unik
nyampe:sampai
si:sih
perfect:sempurna
over:secara keseluruhan
size:ukuran
fred:gratis
real:memang
